there is breaking news involving Carlos
Hyde Kevin noon from buckeye Grove calm
and rivals.com joins us now from Chicago
Kevin give us the very latest in the
situation well raise i mean the
situation right now it appears that
there was surveillance video at river
bar to the bar was incident took place
and yahoo com charles robinson had a
report out that went out last night
saying that this video very well could
exonerate carlos hyde and if if it shows
that the incident did not go down as
people are saying that it went down I
mean urban meyer could reinstate Carlos
Hyde here in the very near future but
the Bradley Roby situation that is still
pretty fluid isn't it yes it is still
very fluid you can't mean it was a
harvest been kind of a heat type of
situation I mean from from the reports
that I've read at this point I mean it
kind of sounded like what happens at a
lot of bars misunderstanding with a
bouncer that kind of turned a little bit
on the under the physical side I think
that one there's going to be a little
bit more of a vetting process so there's
not gonna be a quick resolution on that
one in my opinion and that's exactly the
way I read into it as well nothing new
that happens at any other campus I don't
think on a Saturday night Kevin
ultimately though fans want to know the
bottom line how many games will these
guys miss so for both hide and roby what
do you think is the best in worst-case
scenarios here well I think the
best-case scenario was somebody like
Carl cited that the video does in fact
exonerate him that duh mean he could be
welcome back to the team pretty quickly
and not really miss anything might have
to have a little time in the running
stadium stairs and things along those
lines just for being being in us in the
long face a long time I mean the worst
case scenario could be that it doesn't
exonerate him and that he's done with
Bradley Roby situation I think the best
piece of scenario scenario on that one
is that just kind of ends up being a
misunderstanding maybe a game maybe not
even a game suspension I don't think
this is anything that that really would
warn more than two games though to be
quite honest like I couldn't be with the
team when they go to cow it's open on
their roads and organs account bears all
right Kevin so if neither player is able
to play the buckeye is deep enough at
those positions to make up for the loss
depending how long these suspensions
could be well they're definitely in
better position
running back in my opinion they've got
just a an embarrassed riches when it
comes to running back look for wat Smith
to be the next man up if that's the
situation but they've got a lot of young
talent Warren ball brass they done
through freshman plus everybody seems to
forget about Jordan Hall who's coming
back off of a medical redshirt
cornerback not as great of a depth chart
at this point they've got a lot of kids
right now but after two ran grant maybe
our money reads maybe the next guy off
the bench but Bradley Roby is definitely
a key to Ohio State having a big run
this year they came on the field all
right Kevin Nunes from Buckeye grove
calm and rivals com thanks very much